BDR overview: added more information about consensus (#2868)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/bdr/4/overview.mdx

can be BDR nodes across different BDR node groups. However, BDR works best if
you use only one BDR database per PostgreSQL instance.

> The minimum recommended number of nodes in a BDR cluster is three because with two nodes the consensus stops working if one of the node stops working. For more information about the consensus mechanism used by EDB Postgres Distributed, see [Architectural details](/pgd/latest/architectures/#architecture-details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum recommended number of nodes in a BDR cluster is three to provide fault tolerance for BDR's consensus mechanism. With just two nodes, consensus would fail if one of the nodes was unresponsive. Consensus is required for some BDR operations such as distributed sequence generation. For more information about the consensus mechanism used by EDB Postgres Distributed, see [Architectural details](/pgd/latest/architectures/#architecture-details).
```
